You wake up in Young basement and rub your eyes to rid you of your temporary blindness (due to Chase food). The lights are flickering overhead and you smell an awful smell. You know it isn't the Chase food anymore, but smells like flesh (close enough?). You hear rattling to your right. A door is slightly ajar in front of you, and you see a staircase to your left.
STRAIGHT:You willingly walk up the stairs and the lights go out behind you and the rattling stops. There's a door in front of you and you go through. You look around and no one is in sight. The lamps are flickering and it's beginning to rain and the wind is picking up. You see Public Safety cars abandoned with broken windows on the Young lawn. You see a few room lights on in Meadows straight ahead and you notice the door to Clark is being held open by a broken branch to your right.
STRAIGHT:You arrive in front of Meadows and look out towards the Chapel. There are bodies floating all throughout the pond and the steeple is burning brightly with an intense fire in the background. The pond is colored a dark red and is accentuated by the burning chapel. You hear a trash can tip over near Chase to your right, but can't see anything. You look to your left and notice the glass on the Meadows door is shattered. Something you could definitely fit through. You look straight ahead and see smog coming out of the Physical Plant smoke stack.
STRAIGHT:You walk into the Physical Plant and everything is ransacked. You hear banging behind a door and some soft, agonizing screams. You see various objects that could aid you in your journey if you explore around. The door to the exit in front of you, letting in the only light, is banging against the wall slighty due to the wind. You see through a broken window on your right Balfour and the lights flickering and some shadows pass by multiple windows. And to your left you see the Meadows parking lot full of abandoned vehicles, some flipped over (including the mini cooper that takes all of the good spots), and some with broken windows and flat tires.
STRAIGHT:You walk outside and the weather has taken a violent turn. The wind is deafening and the rain is making it hard to see. As you walk towards the science center you hear a faint splashing which is becoming louder as you get closer. You run into the science center and as you're catching your breath the power goes out. The only thing illuminating the path are the blood red exit signs which you notice are dripping blood. You turn the first corner and see Detsy B. eating one of the fetal cats from her biology lab. (Insert fight here and more directions). You take a left down the CS, Math and Physics hallway and zombie Mike is walking towards you with a stack of papers that resembles a phone book. You stand your ground and as he gets closer you notice one edge of the stack is dripping blood and that, on the front, reads Exam 3. Now you take a slight step back and you're shaking and perspiring. He gets within striking distance. What do you do? (Give them options)
STRAIGHT:You survive Exam 3 and he stands there immobile for a few seconds. After he turns and walks away. You hear him mumble, "obviously no brains... had in algorithms... too much leisure time..." You can see lights coming out from the bottom of the door to the WHALE Lab on your right and see some monitors on in the CS Lab to your left.
RIGHT:Tom is over a camp stove making pork belly benedict and the fat is rendering very nicely. He greets you with a warm welcome and some eggs. You wait out the storm and later hear the SWAT teams come and swarm the campus. They gather the survivors (including you) and quarantine the campus.